[MUSIC]
Welcome back.
I am Anand Rao and
I lead a team of data scientists.
We're constantly looking for
innovative techniques,
tools and technologies to
apply to our client problems.
We work closely with academic
institutions, start-up companies and
establish clients to bring
innovative solutions.
In this video, we're going to look
at the data and analytics framework.
I'm going to talk about
the compliments of the framework and
explain why it's important to follow a
framework when solving a business problem.
Let me give you an example.
A global insurance company came to
us with the desire to incorporate
advanced data and
analytics within their organization.
They're a number of business
objectives that they wanted to achieve,
including improving retention and
cross selling in one country and
increasing acquisition in another country.
They wanted to build
an analytics organization,
while at the same time ensuring
that they solve a business problem.
We went through our data and
analytics framework to first determine
the outcomes in each country.
For example, as we said, greater
cross-product holding in one country.
Then we listed all the actions or
decisions they can take
to effect that outcome.
For example, who to target, when,
why and through which channel.
That led us to investigate how they
were making those decisions today and
how they could be improved
with better insights.
For example, insights around next
best product, channel preferences.
This led us to the techniques that are
required to generate those insights and
the data required to
generate those insights.
For example, characteristics of
existing customers with one,
two or three products with the client.
So why do we need data and
analytics framework?
The short answer is a framework
allows you to move through
data analysis in an organized way.
It provides you with a process to
follow as you walk with your teams and
clients to solve problems.
The framework allows us to focus
on the business outcomes first and
the actions and
decisions that enable the outcomes.
It focuses our attention on what
generates value to our clients
first before examining all
the data that we do have or
data that we don't have
that needs to be procured.
In summary, the framework allows us to
structure of a discretions with the client
and follow a path that leads to actionable
insights and business outcomes.
If you're not using a framework, there's a
good chance that different people will use
different approaches to
solve the same problem.
If you don't use the approach we outlined,
there is a tendency for
people to start with the data.
And then try to figure out all the cool
analytics that one can do and then try and
figure out how they can be applied.
While this may be a fine exploratory
process for newcomers in the field.
It is an approach that is fought
with dangers of overanalysis and
a hammer looking for a nail to hit.
[MUSIC]